Add GooGreeenPlus service (#288)
shadimanna/dhl-logistic-services-for-woocommerce: pr-dhl-woocommerce/readme.txt

== Changelog ==

> = 3.9.2 =
> * Add: GoGreen Plus service for all domestic DHL Paket products and for return labels (REST v2 & Returns API).
> * Add: Single “GoGreen Plus” toggle in order meta-box and corresponding default checkbox in the shipping-method settings.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= 3.9.2 =
* Add: Support GoGreen Plus service for both outbound and return shipments.
```
